
## Assigment 2 - Igniting the App

### **What is NPM?**

NPM is a package managing tool for javascript. It is used for node.js projects.

### **What is Parcel/Webpack and why do we need it?**

parcel/webpack are bundlers, they take care of minifying code, installing dependencies, make the code clean, etc. They are used while working with Javascript and Typescript code.

### **What is .parcel-cache?**

As the name suggests it stores cache generated by parcel. This stores information about your project when the parcel builds so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It's a key reason why parcels can be so fast in development mode.

### **What is npx?**

npx is used for execution. The command npm is used to download JavaScript packages from Node Package Manager, and npx is used to execute JavaScript packages downloaded this way.

### **What is the difference between dependencies and devDependencies?**

devDependencies are dependencies which are needed only in the development environment, dependencies are used on production environment as well.

### **Superpowers of Parcel**

- Hot Reloading: As you make changes to your code, Parcel automatically rebuilds the changed files and updates your app in the browser.
- Ccahing: Parcel caches everything it builds to disk. If you restart the dev server, Parcel will only rebuild files that have changed since the last time it ran. 
- Tree shaking: When Parcel can determine which exports of a dynamically imported module you use, it will tree shake the unused exports from that module. 

### **What is Tree Shaking?**

If we take the term `tree shaking` literally, it will imply shaking the tree to remove the dead leaves, in JS code `tree-shaking` method is used to remove all the unused code while minifying the code.

### **What is Hot Module Replacement?**

Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways: Retain application state which is lost during a full reload. Save valuable development time by only updating what's changed.

### **What is .gitIgnore?** 

A gitignore file specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore. The files stored in `.gitignore` are not uploaded to git when using git push.

### **What is the difference between package.json and package-lock. json?**

Without package.lock.json, there could be discrepancies in installed versions in various settings. To address this difficulty, package.lock.json is generated to have the same results in any environment. It should be in source control with the package.json file so if any other user clones the project and install dependencies; then it will install the same dependencies as in package.lock.json to prevent discrepancies. 

### **What are node modules?**

The node_modules folder contains libraries/dependencies downloaded from npm. It is usually huge size in GBs and can be regenerated instead of uploading to git and then downloading.

### **What is `dist` folder?**

`dist` folder contains the files which will be shipped to production, it is created when we build our code using parcel. It contains the files in minimized form. 

The shortform dist stands for distributable and refers to a directory where files will be stored that can be directly used by others without the need to compile or minify the source code that is being reused.

### **What is browserlist?**

Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.

### **What is <noscript> tag in the index.html of Create React App?**

The <noscript> tag defines alternate content for users that have disabled scripts in their browser or have a browser that doesn't support script

### **What is the role of manifest.json file in Create React App**
  
Web app manifest files provide the capability to change how an installed application will look like on the user's desktop or mobile device (pwa). By modifying properties in the JSON file, you can modify a number of details in your application, including its: Name. Description.
